Getting Back Into Video Games
Published on August 04, 2013.
In terms of gaming I feel like I’m pretty inconsistent.
There are times that I only played the big name games (like Grand Theft Auto and Skyrim) and basically ignored all the other smaller games.
My interest in gaming ebbs and flows.
I think that a few recent events have gotten me back into gaming fairly regularly.
About a year ago I subscribed to PS Plus, which provides monthly installments of games for your PS3 and PS Vita/PSP if you have them.
I was introduced to a bunch of cool games that I probably wouldn’t have bought otherwise like Saint’s Row 2, Borderlands.
As a result, I ended up buying Saint’s Row 3 and Borderlands 2.
It was also about a year ago that I built a PC for gaming.
It’s kind of ridiculous how much cheaper it is to play games on a PC than to buy them for consoles.
Plus, my PC has the added benefit of a better graphics card and more RAM (how the heck can the PS3 only have 256MB of RAM in the first place?).
During the 2013 Steam Summer sale I went a little crazy and bought more games than I can possibly play.
It’s just way too easy to buy them when they cost $5 or less and provide a lot of entertainment, even if they’re kinda old.
I ended up buying Fallout New Vegas (the ultimate edition or whatever) even though I originally bought it for PS3.
Luckily, it’s a lot faster and less buggy now.
I’ve been playing a lot of video games in my free time for the past few months.
While I sort of feel guilty that I should be working on web stuff or mobile stuff like side projects, I think it’s sort of necessary to avoid burnout.
Plus I naturally tend to lose interest in games once I find a new piece of technology that I’m interested in learning.